refactor(standards): separate exec-only helpers from component public interfaces (#3276)
0xMiden/protocol: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.16.0 (TBD)

### Changes

> - Separated exec-only helpers from the public interface of the standard access components (`authority`, `rbac`, `pausable`, `ownable2step`, `warden`): `exec`-invoked `pub proc` helpers (e.g. `assert_authorized`, `assert_sender_has_role`, `assert_not_paused`, `assert_sender_is_owner`) moved out of the `PUBLIC INTERFACE` section into a dedicated `PUBLIC HELPERS` section, so only `@account_procedure` (call) procedures form a component's public interface. Structural only — no bytecode or behavior change ([#3276](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3276)).

Reviewer: > Structural only — no bytecode or behavior change

This seems a bit superfluous? Perhaps we should elide? I also think it's a bit hard to parse the current sentence structure when all the helpers are explicitly mentioned.

Reviewer: Does something like this read better while still capturing the change accurately?

> Refactored the standard access components (`authority`, `rbac`, `pausable`, `ownable2step`, `warden`) to separate `exec`-only helpers from the public interface. `@account_procedure` procedures remain in `PUBLIC INTERFACE`; `pub proc` exec-only helpers (e.g. `assert_authorized`, `assert_sender_has_role`) moved to a new `PUBLIC HELPERS` section; internal `proc` procedures consolidated under `HELPER PROCEDURES`.

Author: thx! actually shorted to just the first sentence of your suggestion 👍🏼

> - Separated exec-only helpers from the public interface of the standard access components (`authority`, `rbac`, `pausable`, `ownable2step`, `warden`): `exec`-invoked `pub proc` helpers (e.g. `assert_authorized`, `assert_sender_has_role`, `assert_not_paused`, `assert_sender_is_owner`) moved out of the `PUBLIC INTERFACE` section into a dedicated `PUBLIC HELPERS` section, so only `@account_procedure` (call) procedures form a component's public interface. Structural only — no bytecode or behavior change ([#3276](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3276)).

Author: ```suggestion
- Refactored the standard access components (authority, rbac, pausable, ownable2step, warden) to separate exec-only helpers from the public interface ([#3276](https://github.com/0xMiden/protocol/pull/3276)).
```
